c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\AddNote.xbf
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\NoteList.xbf
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\ViewNote.xbf
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\Notes.xr.xml
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\Notes.exe
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\Notes.pdb
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\bin\Debug\Notes.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\AddNote.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\AddNote.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\NoteList.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\NoteList.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\ViewNote.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\ViewNote.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\ViewNote.xaml
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\ViewNote.xbf
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\AddNote.xaml
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\NoteList.xaml
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\AddNote.xbf
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\NoteList.xbf
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\Notes.exe
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\Notes.pdb
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\ericsson9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notes\Notes\obj\Debug\Notes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
